alright so I'm once again doing with the
voice work things um I know people don't
like these I don't not very good with
them but occasion I enjoyed doing them
so this one unlike other ones where I do
like a monkey different voices this
one's old a joker but taken from various
books but not so it's kind of different
takes in the joker different Joker lines
me doing video crew you have a little
boy too don't you ah ah hey hey you just
gonna let him do that to me he shot my
needy I may never Oh like your daughter
I did good one Commissioner Gotham City
cries Gotham is an ugly city full of
shame far beyond redemption she's a sad
old whore but she's beautiful when she
cries I love her when she cries I love
her only when she cries I'm very
depressed you can see it my face I'm
sure when I went away I was leaving my
city in capable hands but it seems other
hands taken it from me and you know what
these other hands did they loosen the
belt around their fat waists and took it
up in my city my sandbox mine Gotham
belongs to me so who here wants to help
me take it back love really is blind
it's not her not yet it's only me again
remember me you
I yes special arrangement a yin yang
thing Holmes Amoy ard Tweety and
Sylvester hats and gloves but you you
shot me in the face na na mam not
another step closer not before I tell
you where she is Batman doesn't use a
gun the black glove train the man who
shot you where's Jezebel jet you Corning
freak oh you're close real close to it
now I know we both like a little jet
black irony without more than coffee you
might be thinking this is the part where
will you join forces with your old enemy
to turn the tables on these upset
newcomers but you shot me Batman shot
the Joker and then I found out who dr.
hurt is and why he hates you so much oh
you these very bad very rich people
whose attention you've attracted they
tell me you've got yourself into this
whole horrible mess because you wanted
to understand what it was like to be me
you think it all breaks down in the
symbolism and structures and hints and
clues no Batman that's just Wikipedia
you actually believed all it would take
is a few chemicals couple days of
drug-induced hallucination and a cheap
little nervous breakdown and you'd have
me all figured out like there was some
rabbit hole you could follow me down to
understanding